Notebooks page for custom docker image (#1219)
CSCfi/csc-user-guide: docs/cloud/csc_notebooks/guide_for_teachers.md

 
### 2. Create custom images, optional

Check the [image sources in notebook-images repository.](https://github.com/CSCfi/notebook-images/tree/master/builds). If you can find a suitable image for your application in the list, you can skip this step. If you cannot find a suitable image for your intended application, you will need to create and publish your own custom image for notebooks. Image can be created on your own computer or for example [cPouta](../pouta/pouta-what-is.md) instance.

Requirements: 

* A place to upload your Docker image, for example CSC [Rahti](../rahti/rahti-what-is.md), DockerHub or Quay.io.
* Docker installed 

Steps to create your own custom image using Docker and host it on Rahti:

1. Create Docker file

    For JupyterLab with some conda packages use the following as minimal example:

    xxcourse.dockerfile:

    ```text 
    # use jupyter minimal notebook as base for your image
    # it has eg conda already installed
    FROM jupyter/minimal-notebook

    # add your name as maintainer, with your email address for future questions
    LABEL maintainer="your-name-here"

    #some first setup steps need to be run as root user
    USER root

>     # set home environment variable to point to user directory

Author: ```suggestion
    # following line sets the home environment variable to point to user directory
```

    ENV HOME /home/$NB_USER

    # install needed extra tools, eg ssh-client and less
    RUN apt-get update \
        && apt-get install -y ssh-client less \
        && apt-get clean

>     # the user set here will be the user that students will use 

Author: ```suggestion
    # below line sets the user to NB_USER, i.e. unsets root 
```
